let's say late night hosts well they're
supposed to tell jokes right from the
news right you guys want to hear some
jokes yeah unfortunately that's not my
forte I'm not a stand-up comedian but I
do know people in this town wait a
minute hold on Siri who's the best
stand-up comedian in the world
definitely not Jimmy Kimmel he is not
funny at all he is terrible he is human
garbage that's a given but do a search
for a world-class comedian in the area
who might come finish my monologue
searching for a world-class comedian in
your area I found one fairly close to
you
well great send him in
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah
hold on let me just take you for a
moment hold on playback sumbitch let's
do this a brief shout-out to my fans on
skype but I have a new application on my
phone it's a moral GPS it's kind of cool
the girl you're texting is the same age
as your daughter reroute your boys
complain about their phones they're
saying like you know I've only got two
bars I'm all I got listen I'm an
alcoholic
all I've ever needed was one bar and
sometimes even it sounds like your phone
is a little off you go Siri where is the
Beacon Theater did you see did you say
Kevin Bacon was queer no but show me
what you found
and she sometimes gets insecure you're
going Siri where's the nearest
electronic store are you dissatisfied
with my service right not at all why did
you Google Samsung no reason no reason
who is Emily none of your business and
you doesn't even work in France if you
go to France there is no Siri because
maybe they have their own name shaggy
you go sherry where's the nearest good
restaurant it's Paris you idiot
they're everywhere put down your digital
device go outside and live your life you
American
[Applause]
that is how you do a monologue
[Music]
[Applause]